Yep. As soon as I get this. Okay. This is our last meeting. I'll go ahead and go through the minutes from the previous meeting, and then we'll have the prototype presentation. Then we will do an evaluation, or we'll see what we need to have under the criteria for the evaluation. Then we'll go through the finance and see if we fall within the budget. Then we'll do the evaluation and then we can finish up after that with any changes that we'll need to make or hopefully everything will fall right in line. Minutes from the last meeting, we looked at the trends. We had the fashion trends that people want a fancy look and feel. It was twice as important as anything else. They liked fruit and vegetables in the new styles and a spongy feel. So we were talking about trying to incorporate those into our prototype. They wanted limited buttons and simplicity. Then we looked at the method for coming up with our own remote, looking at other devices, the iPod, we really liked the look of that. We also had the kids remote for a simple idea, a two-part remote, which was what we were originally looking at. And then there was talk of speech recognition becoming more predominant and easier to use But I think we still decided not to go with that Then we looked at the components the materials for the case, the different energy sources, the different types of chips and made a decision on what we were going to use to make our remote and basically what we were making for the prototype. So I'm going to leave it at that and let you guys take over. Prototype, yeah. Do you need this? No. Yeah, basically we're just going to call you out. the principle of fruit, which wasn't mentioned. It's basically designed around the banana. But it would be held in such a fashion, whereas obviously we've got plastic. This would be hard plastic. These would be like the rubber grips. So that's how they're held in grip. Like the ergonomics. But all the controlling would be done with this scroll wheel. And this here represents Very nice. That blue should be the battery. That's about it. It's as simple as it can be. That's what we have there. It's plastic. Plastic covered with rubber. We might add some more. Maybe do it in form. What that button Okay Okay Would you like to... Well done. Well, luckily, we are going to find out. Or, not luckily. Do you have a marketing presentation for us? Okay. Okay, you guys are gonna help me do an evaluation of the criteria. First, I'll just discuss some of the criteria that I found just based on the past trend reports that I was looking at earlier. And then we will do a group evaluation of the prototype. And then we will calculate the average score to see how we did. So the criteria we're going to be looking at are the complaints that we heard from the users who were interviewed earlier. So. We're going to be doing it based on a seven-point scale. And one is going to mean true, that we did actually achieve it. With seven being false, we did not achieve it. Okay. So for the first one, we need to decide, did we solve the problem of the users complaining about the other people I think it definitely different than anything else out there So if they think that what is out there is ugly, then yes. I would say most definitely. It's bright. It still has your traditional black. Yep, not angular. Yeah, something more modern to go, a modern color to go with the modern form. I would say four. Very noncommittal four. Okay. The second one, did we make it simple for the users? Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Did the controls now match the operating media of the users? Yeah. scrolling through and selecting a few I think that's a one so so So if we incorporate speech recognition into it, then... And it is quite bright and... Yeah. But if we do go with the speech recognition, then our scale goes up quite a bit, I think. Probably two. if we eliminate the fact that it's impossible to guarantee that it's not going to be lost, then I'd say two. With speech recognition, which of course may be changed depending on budget. Which may be cheaper than speech recognition if it were just a... Some sort of proximity. Pray that you don't accidentally lose that piece. Okay Okay Two Okay Okay But there not a lot of yellow There's not a lot of yellow. Of course, that wasn't really, we were kind of forced to take that color. I don't know that we are that innovative, to tell you the truth. If we added the screaming factor, then we go up. I would say we're probably up four. We have some spongy, yeah. No. Yeah, because it's only got, what, these parts of the grips and perhaps the back side, the bottom, underneath on the back. Probably a four at most. Possibly even a five. If your fashion is Carmen Miranda, you betcha. That's true. Seven is 2 point. It's like 2.4 something. Thank you And what is the acceptable criteria Is there like a scale that we have to hit? Oh, no. I just told my own criteria and have you guys about it. All right then. Okay, well, let's see. Now we get to do the budget numbers. You didn't know that you were going to have a budget. But we do. Okay. So I have here, yeah, we want a 50% profit on this. Oh, you can't really see that very well. Twelve and a half euros is what it's supposed to cost us. Okay, so, well, let's see. I wonder if I can make this. Oh, it won't let me do that. Okay. All right. So, the top, I don't know if you guys can read that or not. I can't because I don't have my glasses on. So we've got the energy source. There's four, five, six categories. We have energy source, electronics, case, then we have case material supplements, interface type, and then button supplements. So first of all, source we picked battery. How many batteries do we think this will probably take? Either two or four Two I like it Excellent. This is consumerism. All right. So for the electronics, our choices are simple chip on print, regular chip on print, advanced chip on print, sample sensor, sample speaker. Okay. We have one of those. Okay. Then the case is a probably, it's double curved. Case materials are plastic. I guess it's two since one for the top one for the bottom is that right or is it just one maybe it's one because of the okay I guess it doesn't matter because the price on that one is zero which is nice special color interface type we have push button scroll wheel interface integrated scroll wheel push button and an LCD display so we actually have the LCD display and then is it the integrated or is it yeah okay button supplement special color special form special material or titanium it cost us all the same well we only have one button so really we shouldn't be charged we shouldn't be charged anything for the the button supplements okay we're gonna leave that one blank because we run on on the LCD and scroll. So our total is 15.5, which I believe is by three euros over. So the only thing better than a banana shaped remote is one that you shake. Yeah, because the... Well, because we have to have both, right? So we may not need the LCD display? Well, there we go. 12.5. Okay. So we just remove our screen here Besides look at what the LCD does to our lovely remote Back to the design room, boys. Okay. So, costs under 12.5 Euro. No, we redesigned it. Now it's yes. Next slide. Project evaluation. Project process satisfaction with, for example, room for creativity, leadership, teamwork, means no ideas found. So I guess that, let's see. I think that perhaps the project evaluation is just supposed to be completed by me but I'd like to hear your thoughts. What did you think of our project process? Great. Yeah. I mean, they're probably well. Yeah. Good. It seemed like off the ground is where we're going. Yeah, I think we started off a little weak. Our leadership was quite weak in the beginning. But as the day went along, we had more idea of what we were doing. Room for creativity, there was that. I think we tried a lot of different things. I think it was interesting as you guys brought up more information and studies that we were right on with a lot of those things. You guys worked together well as a team. And the means which was the whiteboard and the pens I had some problem with the pen I think But minus your pen You have a list of employees that you would like fired. Okay, new ideas found? Yes for the remote, maybe no not for technology. All right. Closing costs are within the budget. Project is evaluated. Complete the final questionnaire and meeting summary. That's it. I still have to do my minutes for the last meeting. Actually. So there will probably be another questionnaire coming up. And then we'll have to check with the main boss whether we can, what goes on after that. But that's the end of our meeting. Thank you.